
****Jul 5,2017****
Patent1 : ​
US9602427B2

Summary of this patent:

1) This patent is about provisioning software defined flexi-grid optical networks.

2) It slices the optical network to tenants giving them a Software Defined Optics (SDO).

3) Mainly, it deals with how to allocate backup nodes optimally in order to deal with failures at run-time.

How BNV is different?

1) BNV is completely orthogonal to this particular patent.

2) US9602427B2 patent works on virtualizing the optics transport (variable rate transponders, flexi-grid channels) for tuning them according to the specific applications. However, BNV looks into virtualization of network topologies to enable flexible topology scaling/mapping for tenants/applications. Hence, both works are completely disjoint.

 
Patent 2: US9628339B2

Summary of this patent:

1) This patent is about provisioning experimental networks using server based virtualization similar to well known testbeds like emulab,  deterlab etc. 

2) It emulates switching elements using a software running on the servers.

3) It does not provide programmable networks to tenants.

4) Due to software elements, it cannot guarantee line-rate performance.

5) Does not incorporate strict traffic isolation since it uses the entire network as a fabric to implement overlay topologies.

How BNV is different ?

1) (Goals & Methods) BNV is about providing programmable networks to tenants using bare-metal switching hardware, while the patent in question uses server-based virtualization.   In a certain sense, BNV directly leases the hardware switch, whereas the patent uses software to simulate. To achieve such bare-metal provisioning, BNV employs a novel method (loop links and core links).

2) (Performances & features) Since BNV uses the actual switch hardware, there is NO performance overhead. Please check Figure 5 & 6 in the paper, which compares the performance of BNV to software-based switching.  Furthermore, BNV assures isolation, that is, it is guaranteed that there is no interference between the tenants.

3) (Implications) The guaranteed isolation provides assurance on security and networking performance, which is a major concern in many applications.
